I have a couple of final remarks at
the end of this lesson and the idea being the following;
Where should we go from here?
I believe we covered with enough depth all the cornerstones
of a data warehouse and its implementation on Amazon Web Services.
That said there is a part which is the data flow tools.
The data flow tools actually deserve
their own focus and there would be an upcoming lesson on this.
So apart from the data flow tools,
we have actually covered the storage,
the table design, optimizing the table design,
optimizing the ETL all the context of how things work for ETL,
in general the sources and so on.
How to build your cluster automated by using the GUI.
That part deserves its own attention and you would see in an upcoming lecture,
the data flow tools.
After that when we master data flow tools which we complete the picture with,
actually the data warehouse is a very mature and I don't want to say old.
I want to say mature because there are lots of architecture,
lots of books, lots of people trained,
lots of companies, lots of technologies.
However, the nature of big data was larger volumes, more unstructured data,
higher speed and lower quality,
and the classical data warehouse is actually evolving.
So, we studied the architecture
as the other classic architecture when it moved to the Cloud.
But I want to stress here that actually there is actually
a very strong evolution going on to the data warehouse.
Namely the concept of a data lake and you will know
about that also in an upcoming lesson. Thank you.